Import and Export commands (#22)
chriszarate/docker-compose-wordpress: README.md

docker-compose run --rm wp-cli wp [command]
```

> Import and Export to WP from host directory:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Import to and export from the WordPress database:
```
